Extend troubleshooting (#196)
greenbone/docs: src/faq.md

## Where can I ask questions and get support?

Support is only provided for the Greenbone Enterprise product line.
Besides that, the Greenbone Community can be reached at the [community forum]
to ask question. In this forum, several Greenbone developers try to help on a
voluntary basis.

## Can you help with my issue on Kali, Cent OS, XYZ distribution?

[https://forum.greenbone.net/t/openvas-showing-503-error/5465/4](https://forum.greenbone.net/t/openvas-showing-503-error/5465/4)

> Greenbone doesn't provide any packages for any Linux distribution besides the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Greenbone does not provide any packages for any Linux distribution besides the
```
